it's an elegant beautiful system and
when it's done right it you can't
believe how well it works problem
is well I think you have to recognize
that um we we can we can use uh diets to
reduce glucose uh but we can't use diets
to reduce glutamine and glutamine is an
essential amino acid for the tumor cell
in fact they call it a non-essential
amino acid but really it's quite
essential for our immune system for our
gut health uh for the Ura cycle I mean
we need glutamine and glutamine is
abundant it's the most abundant amino
acid in our body so we have a we have a
a situation here where our normal cells
of the immune system need the same fuel
use the same fuel that the neoplastic
tumor cell uses so we have to that's why
we develop the the Press pulse strategy
for managing cancer you can press
glucose down consistently because you're
transitioned over to Ketone so we we
eliminate the glucose issue but we pulse
drug we use drugs to pulse glutamine
because if we're too aggressive in
targeting glutamine we compromise our
own immune system in its ability to pick
up the dead cancer cells after you kill
them otherwise leading to infections and
other kinds of uh adverse effects so we
use small doses of glutamine targeting
drugs uh once the patient is in
therapeutic ketosis so we put them on
just for a short time dosage timing and
scheduling and then we pull them off uh
and let the immune system and the gut
and everything come back to a normaly
but you've already slaughtered a
significant number of tumor cells and
then the immune system the our immune
cells aren't killed by deprivation of
glutamine they're just stunned uh
they're alive but they're just like
paralyzed um uh but once you pull the
the the glutamine drug back off our
immune system reactivates and goes in
and picks up the dead corpse
and we have to have a time period while
this process is taking place and of
course when you add the glutamine back
or don't remove the drug uh you will get
the rescue of some of the tumor cells
that might be there but uh they're not
coming back very fast because you got
the choke hold on the GL on the glucose
so they're there but they're growing
extremely slowly and then once our
immune system comes back uh recovers
itself from the small dose of glutamine
inhibitor uh then we hit him again
uh with another small dose of glutamine
inhibitor and we slowly degrade the
tumor while the rest of the cells in the
body are uh generating an an excessive
efficiency in in in health so we're
we're the rest of the cells in the body
are getting super healthy while you're
degrading slowly degrading the uh tumor
cells that are that are absolutely
dependent on a fermentation metabolism
it's an elegant beautiful system and
when it's done right it you can't
believe how well it works problem is no
is doing
[Music]
that